Okay, two more sessions to go. Alright.
Okay.
So...
kind of changing, we're kind of moving along with the conversation back.
Do you, I don't know if the rise
church has like a ministry tours like a
international, uh Japanese students.
Okay, okay. coming from the attending the
the school nearby?
Okay. And their are Japanese like...
Oh, yes. Okay.
Oh... okay, okay. So do you hang out with them or talk to them? okay.
Okay.
I see, I see. Yeah, that's a different...
way but what you can learn
more like you can speak to them in English but more of my thought because I do
hang out with a lot of Japanese students right now because that's kind of...
What I, what I do on the side, or...
So I have like maybe 5 or 6 Japanese students.
That I hang out with during the weekends.
And uh... you know. Talk to them about the Bible and things like that.
Uh... What I learned from them is more of...
But I do speak some Japanese to them but...
You know what kind of thinking but
what kind of thoughts they have, what, what their worldview is like.
You know, they're pretty open.
in many things like when they come here they're really open to
any religions, anything, so which is great.
and... and they know that even though
Americans don't think we are, but uh...
A lot of people think this is a Christian nation, right?
They still have that idea.So
so they, they open, like churches everywhere like you said.
So they're interested to try to, you know, learn what the church is about. So they come,
to church if you invite them, you know, and then so they come along.
Oh, I want to check it out because
they never do that in Japan, but they'll do it here, you know. So,
but being friends with those people...
you kind of start learning how they think.
How they, how they, what they talk about and stuff like that.
So you can get more in like, touch of Japanese culture.
Through them, you know.
Um... So...
So far this past month, so we haven't had Japanese students for like...
like two years, three years because of the pandemic, right?
And then this past two years, they started to come back.
Yeah. And then last year or this this September last September.
We... have.
So, me and this other people who's reaching out to Japanese students we met
20, about 20 Japanese students and they all go to Kansai Long Beach.
And uh... So, that's where we kind of do the ministry in our...
So we have one missionary who goes on campus.
And they, they have this, what they call, language lab.
and he volunteers there.
And to speak you know how the international students practice
English, speaking English. So he volunteers there.
And he makes connection with the Japanese students.
And then from there, he invites people to different things.
And then that's how I also met with them yeah and we also
um... host some of the Japanese for their...
I connected them to like a homestaying program.
So, some of the believers are hosting Japanese students.
So, so we, we go to their house and meet them.
And to connect with them, hang out with them.
We do a lot of things like hiking or like different activities.
So we can kind of become friends. And uh...
So, but anyway, so what I've been learning this past year...
They're, they're pretty open, like I said.
They're open to talk about Bible they're open to talk about Christianity.
Um...
Some of them never been to church before.
So, bringing them to the church kind of environment is a very
refreshing because they never experienced that.
Um...
Most of them never had a Christian friend or knew, know any Christians.
So... so we were able to meet with them and tell them about it.
and they be, we become their first Christian friends.
Right? So, and they're really excited.
It's pretty cool because...
and then it's interesting the... You know. So our goal is not to bring much
to church. Our goal is
introduce them to Jesus. So,
coming to church and stuff like that is kind of
part of it, but it's not really the main thing. So,
like relational, it really comes down to relationship.
So... we tried to listen to
what kind of thoughts they have, what kind of goals they have in their lives.
You know. And but I
I put like is that what you really want or you know kind of question because a lot of them...
Uh... their, most of them are pretty successful in a sense,
of like education you know they're actually go to that one of the really
good schools in japan so and
and they're here so like
Their status in Japan is kind of really high.
Not high high but in a pretty good position.
because everybody will look up, oh, you went to America, you went to...
and everybody kind of look up to them, right? So they have that little bit of a status there.
Um...
Oh.